(docs). Migrate Concepts docs (#187)
openebs/website: docs/versioned_docs/version-2.11.0/concepts/cstor.md

2. **Multi-attach error is seen in the logs**

   **Symptom:**

   In a node failure case, it is sometimes observed that the application pods that were running on the node that went down are moved, the cStor target pods are also moved to other nodes, but the application throws up an error similar to below:

   ```
   Warning  FailedAttachVolume  4m15s  attachdetach-controller            
   Multi-Attach error for volume "pvc-d6d52184-1f24-11e9-bf1d-0a0c03d0e1ae" 
   Volume is already exclusively attached to one node and can't be attached to another
   ```

   **Resolution :**

   This is because of the Kubernetes limitation [explained above](#known-limitations). OpenEBS CSI driver will resolve this issue. See [roadmap](#cstor-roadmap). In this situation if the node is stuck in a non-responsive state and if the node has to be permanently deleted, remove it from the cluster.  

3. **Application is in ContainerCreating state, observed connection refused error**

   **Symptom:**

   Application is seen to be in the `ContainerCreating` state, with kubectl describe showing `Connection refused` error to the cStor PV. 

   **Resolution**: 

>    This error eventually could get rectified on the further retries, volume gets mounted and application is started. This error is usually seen when cStor target takes some time to initialize  on low speed networks as it takes time to download cStor image binaries from repositories ( or )  or because the cstor target is waiting for the replicas to connect and establish quorum. If the error persists beyond 5 minutes, logs need to be verified, contact <a href="/docs/next/support.html" target="_blank">OpenEBS Community</a> for support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This error eventually could get rectified on the further retries, volume gets mounted and application is started. This error is usually seen when cStor target takes some time to initialize  on low speed networks as it takes time to download cStor image binaries from repositories ( or )  or because the cstor target is waiting for the replicas to connect and establish quorum. If the error persists beyond 5 minutes, logs need to be verified, contact [OpenEBS Community](/docs/introduction/community) for support.
```

4. **Kubelet seen consuming high RAM usage with cStor volumes**

   The cause of high memory consumption of Kubelet is seen on Fedora 29  mainly due to the following.

   There are 3 modules are involved - `cstor-istgt`, `kubelet` and `iscsiInitiator(iscsiadm)`.
   kubelet runs iscsiadm command to do discovery on cstor-istgt. If there is any delay in receiving response of discovery opcode (either due to network or delay in processing on target side), iscsiadm retries few times and gets into infinite loop dumping error messages as below:

>        iscsiadm: Connection to Discovery Address 127.0.0.1 failed

Reviewer: tab will work, but it is better to add ` ``` ` for consistency purposes.
